listen this is what the kissing booth
thought it was gonna be and it clearly
wasn't
and obviously you guys really wanted me
to check this one out so i listened and
binged it on netflix it's a movie based
off a series of books about a girl who
writes letters to
all the boys she loved before but never
sends them and i know a lot of people
are really going crazy over crazy rich
asians which is in theaters and that's
cool
i baited a couple of comments just by
simply mentioning netflix in that video
but netflix really made the better movie
this weekend
like some of you all know i'll always
remember that walk mandy took and while
this one doesn't have someone dying
doesn't have mandy's bangs this still
stands as one of the best rom-coms of
that i give a junior price and chill to
let me explain
so for starters i think the casting in
this is perfect you all know my favorite
movie of this year
also stars a margot but the margot in
this one lara
kitty they killed it because the author
of this book tossed out all of her white
outs
and was gonna make sure that she cast
asians for the role she wrote
he got jubilee from x-men as the middle
sister who looks up to
is also kind of jealous of her older
sister who started dating her best
friend
rule number nine which specifically
states relatives of your best friend
are totally off limits but since the
mom's advice before she passed away
was to never have a boyfriend as you go
off to college she just straight up
dumps the dude
the thing with laura is that while she
was growing up anytime she had a crush
on someone she would write them a letter
expressing how she felt
and then would put it in a box and never
send it even though this girl was
addressing it to him so leave it to his
little helmet wearing kitty named little
sister
to assume the job is a post office
person and
send them out this big quick tangent to
this flashback scene where they played
spin the battle
for any couple who was playing this game
you can't be
surprised that your boy is kissing
someone else during the game that's like
being surprised you get hit in football
anyways all the guys who got their
letters are sending them back
with more rejections than harvard would
i get that the older sister
is supposed to be like the hotter one of
the group but
you know laura ain't bad at all she's
freaking out more than the sony execs
were when their stuff got leaked to the
point that she even tweaks and kisses
one of the guys
so she doesn't have to deal with one of
the other ones without consent
lightest girl is avoiding her sister's
ex her ex-best friend so hard
as she takes a catniss fall out the
window and lands in this fake
relationship with the school jock
oh so you want to use me as your pawn oh
see technically you used me as your pawn
first when you jumped me equality peter
gets to make his ex jealous while laura
gets a fake boyfriend to avoid her old
best friend
and this girl gets tipsy and puppy love
house
they continue their fake relationship by
going to parties where
is that king okay look the guy from
happy death day who was already playing
a college student i was giving him a
pass for playing a junior in this one
but
king king bach just had a degree and a
mortgage in another netflix original
movie
how now i get that these two have the qt
fake relationship that we're all
supposed to love but look
yo my man was done dirty can't just
stick around we can't we can't talk
sorry hello darkness smile
poor dude is a casualty
she stole which kind of works when she
breaks up with peter
i break up with you but then things get
deep
god you were never second best damn
peter
because if it wasn't real then i didn't
lose anyone but if i say that it was
real and he still doesn't want me
damn laura everything gets revealed when
the older sister comes home and finds
out that laura
actually has feelings for her ex which
makes her angry
they bicker they fight but in a truly
heartwarming scene
reconcile exemplifying the love and the
bond
of sister i sent the letters
i'm gonna kill you kitty does not die
because this movie is rated pg-13 and
it's because of that rating that the
jacuzzi sex tape
isn't really a jacuzzi sex tape but does
get taken down thanks to margot
laura then decides to face her adversary
the bully who she's had all this time
in the bathroom or i thought she was
gonna walk in with a mop and give her 13
reasons why she shouldn't be messing
with her but
in instead the audio gets all wonky but
the fact that a girl did i mean that's
despicable
y'all run out of a budget for the audio
or even though laura is scared of
driving
she decides that her love for peter is
stronger than anything else
she grabs the keys she starts the car
pulls out it
runs him over now i'm just kidding she
pulls up to his practice with the best
parking job i've ever seen in my life
and rushes to the field
to confess her love to him thanks
you do you peter kavinsky because i'm in
love with you
you do you mr kavinsky by the end they
come together proving that you should
always speak your mind and send that
letter or else you'll never get the
message across
to the person you love except for like
that random dude who appears at the end
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm curious to know your thoughts
like i said you know sometimes we want
to see movies in theaters
crazy rich asians it hit that but
sometimes you just want to see good
movies and if netflix allows you to do
that then boom
i i'm pretty sure that they're funding
all three of them especially after all
the buzz that this movie got i know you
guys
really wanted to see me cover it so if
there's any other recommendations
definitely let me know down below in the
comment section
i i thought this one was pretty good i
think it's one of the better films that
netflix has made clearly in the top five
just of 2018 alone but
if there are any other good ones
definitely let me know down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe
and you'll never be second best